Welcome to the Sci-Fi Control Room

I started this blog in order to share my latest fiction with my readers
and to post reviews and comments on the world of Science Fiction and Fantasy.
From time to time, we'll have interviews with other great authors in the
Sci-Fi and Fantasy markets as well as give you the inside scoop on 
upcoming conventions.

But this is also your forum to share your ideas and enthusiasm. You can send
me your comments and ideas; but please do NOT send me your fiction. I'm not a 
publisher and I will NOT read them. This is the Sci-Fi Control Room and
I'm the one in control.


Current Review

The Star Tunnel
by Kei Yang

In Short: An engrossing novel of philosophy and hard science.
Highly Recommended.
3 Stars

In her latest science-fiction novel, Yang explores the idea of quantum
tunneling and a machine built to instantly transport the rider to the
end of the universe. Teleportation is an old sci-fi concept and one that
I thought had been wrung dry. Yang has proven me wrong. Reminiscent 
of the best of Niven's teleportation series stories from the 70's, Yang is
concerned, not so much with the technology of teleportation, as much as
its effect on society, morals, and religion.

To be sure, this is not just philosophical track masquerading as a SF novel
(though Yang's always-fascinating philosophical ruminations are here in abundance).
Fans of hard-hitting action-packed SF will have plenty to entertain them and
Yang pulls several rabbits out of her hat to surprise any reader. I thought I knew
all of the tricks of the trade and Yang's denouement surprised even me.

My only complaint is that the novel begins slowly with a bit too much emphasis
on the technobabble associated with teleportation. Why do some authors
insist on turning whole chapters into a physics thesis? However don't skip the
second chapter or else you'll miss a hilarious misadventure involving two 
teleportation devices and a rather annoying cat.

Yang is the proud owner of both the Hugo and Nebula award for her novel,
Picasso's Timepiece. Is a second Hugo/Nebula award sweep in the offing for 
The Star Tunnel? It's still early, but Yang's latest work has to be considered 
a strong contender.


About Kevin Vinter
Kevin Vinter is a noted science fiction author and critic. He's written over 30 books
and novels and is a popular toastmaster at science fiction conventions across 
the country. Kevin lives in Spokane, WA with his wife Leslie, their daughter Gina, and
two siamese cats named Samantha and Tiger.

Kevin won the Hugo award for his acclaimed novel, The Long Sleep.
 
